hey guys so today i will be reviewing
the robot chest solos and your bot is
very sick kids watch mysteries looking
so open box my man and so in case you're
wondering wat robots and these little
guys in these are biotech hook and so
well pretty much there you go the
penguin okay and this is the Artek box
freestyle 220 pieces what's good about
it is that that can work with these and
these work with that which is good
helpful because it's not just specific
to the kid you're like okay but it won't
mind oh what's more so that I find very
helpful a nice so quickly gonna but
pretty awesome as you can see it's a
robot and it's in the name robot I used
to watch like robot wars with my dad in
England and it was awesome and then I
got a hole into robots and everything
and just how can you like it just even
again gets to defeat beep bop Boop I
kind of look like Prince you're out of
cramp oh good that's right down so
here's the bad and it shows you like
some basic building ideas and you don't
have to go like and just do that you can
string kind of freestyle do what you
want make a penguin perhaps or a
dinosaur your brother's personal
favorite pretty on I like this this is
like more minecraft because like with
Lego it only connects up down up down up
down if you get long piece maybe but you
can't really stray that much from just
the basic up down kind of style is this
you can go down no sideways up down
anyway please and now I cannot make the
love chain there still
but still this is like the closest
you're gonna get right now pretty off
then lot of parts so many blog parks I'm
like well there's like different shapes
and stuff because then you don't have to
just go lock lock book you can your
ankle pieces you know I like to shake
things up and this has pulled that off
very nice and this is arduino-compatible
bore which is computer they're not that
expensive so you can go Cartman now go
go pause the video go grab would be free
oh I'm fine you can keep watching I'm
just kidding oh here is the official
unveiling 2000 years ago just kidding it
probably took an hour to assemble them
like half an hour to two hours like out
of the hour not including another two
hours but you go to me to like program
them and out all that cool magic pneus
so I present you was loose amazing robot
but before I fell the other quick thing
use this it won't help you like when you
put these together it is hard to take
them apart so I recommend using that it
helps a lot trust me okay now the next
one okay so this looks awesome and that
looks to
so up doing an action shot haha
you
so as you can see my robot just
creations have been rocking out with the
ever after High Monster idols and boy do
they know especially you and I program
somebody musta basic commands into my
doggy robot from the basic robot is kid
or the kind of ironic hmm so first you
can right here it's a light sensor the
doggy will go down like it's looking my
handy and then towards the table you can
do this stop stop just bend it in
mission hey you girls to say hey stop
and you don't get sick from the dangers
of the clip so it is pretty awesome and
adorable this is like the cooler nerdy
robotic version of a Zoomer dog and
what's even cooler that you get to
choose what it does you can program it
so it's all yours and you don't have to
worry about the whole Pepsi make
defeated two different walks all that
stuff funny
the robot is basic da hero but I cute
dog it is really the most adorable yeah
this is the ero botches son solo jerrell
balls whoo for the low the price of 1
billion dollar inner city what's super
cool about this not that much money and
it has so many uses and it's so amazing
so this one have a sound sensor and a
light sensor so when I cover this up it
kind of lights up might be hard to see
cuz it's kind of bright so maybe if we
kind of turn down light yeah you can
kind of see it there better and when I
cover this up yay that is super cool and
then when you cover this up there
talking to it and sometimes if this time
still working out the kinks cuz you know
having like professionally expert
programming robots but I try so I'm
gonna try and see if it or across this
time this one's up Oh be it /
disobedient robot it will do what it
wants one it was what is good like
surprising hello
yes that makes music sound and light off
and you can talk to it sometimes yes
yeah
hi guys so today I will be reviewing the
monster hug Rick douchey guy always a
chic do freak oh